[Music]
hey everyone Travis cafard here at the
NA LCS studio where all-stars is
happening with covers presented by HTC
eSports I'm joined right now by so as to
talk a little bit about the all-star
event and how his offseason is going so
first off you are you've returned to
Allstars yet again you've been to all of
them except for one what's it like for
you to be back here on stage it's feel
it feels it feels great to be voted last
time I I was voted it was it origin and
we had a pretty rough split you know so
I didn't really feel felt like I
deserved it so this time it feels a bit
better since I think that my performance
and team's performance was a lot better
yeah well speaking of performance and
team performance what do you expect from
the EU all-star team this year at the at
the event I mean yeah but we there's a
two more much is small so Turkey and I
think we can we can win both yeah I ate
okay nervous I think we can win both so
and we have blue side as well I guess
both so hopefully we can we can go to
one yeah and make it I heard a bunch of
the players went to Disneyland yesterday
did you go it was my first time to like
attraction park like you know whole of
coaster and these kind of things first
time at a theme park in your life no
I've been a lot to like water parks when
I was little like Aqualung it's cold so
you have into a lot of those but maybe
all right I've never been into like big
ole of course or anything like this so
it was first time as a before going I
was a bit scared but as it started it
was it was a lot of fun well Disneyland
is pretty tame on the roller coaster so
it went California Adventure
yeah we're - yeah okay so we're to this
one and then we did the big one at the
end I don't know it's name I don't know
which one you're referencing but is it
the one that does like this I can't
believe that you hit I can't believe
you've never gone to a theme
park before in your life besides like
water parks I left home I was like food
I was like 17 or some fair side playing
on like 16 and I never did like like
school trip to these kind of events or
whatever so didn't really you don't say
that time I was little did all the teams
kind of hang out and their own groups or
did they like was it just like the
all-stars go out all the roller coasters
together and stuff yeah I mean LPL to me
that there's like a lot of people
photography and stuff like that so first
we we are together and we're not like
Plus Ones which is pretty cool from like
I had to to give us plus ones to to
bring here so we are like 12 people or
something like this and there's a coyote
with us to to give fast pass to to some
like a whole of costume and stuff like
this so it was pretty cool so we got to
do a lot more than if we would have to
queue up all the time all right well
let's get back to League of Legends
offseason is going and rolling and all
start stuff is happening we've heard
rumors and some confirmed reports of EU
players defecting to North America what
do you think of all the offseason stuff
is it frustrating to you as they
exciting to you I mean what what's your
take I think it's I think it's normal
just because the money is just too high
compared to your because of the
franchise so it's like bottom basically
both on any salary equal the best the
best top salary or fee you like not even
close so if you're like the worst player
in na you will get the best salary of an
EU player which is really unfair like I
mean it's already right we cannot do
anything about it but like from a player
perspective you're obviously even that
can possibly get a position it's going
to try to do it so there there's only
like four players I think that the left
to you for na
I think I mean as a coach as well and
and you had Romain I mean how about
coaches I actually does sound I've heard
a lot about this
apparently this all makes sense so many
of the stories I've heard all makes
sense who cares about coaches okay so
okay so but yes so several people came
over here and but you're not too fazed
by it
I mean for me it was expected I think
every player that possibly could like
talk to any teams or whatever try to so
there's probably a lot of players that
try to go there but obviously they have
only two imports and some teams prefer
to like go for certain positions and
stuff like this so yeah not not too
surprised by bio it ones are you worried
about you you all see us like a lot of
you are worried that keeps it weak but
then every year it was like oh they're
taking all these players then you guys
still beat us or outperform us at world
so I mean I think I mean I don't it say
that it's getting franchise by next year
by yeah so see it is I suppose I mean
and if it gets franchised it's probably
gonna be less money than na but probably
like at least a lot more than it is
right now so I guess we will see and if
it's not then I assume that next year
more players gonna go to an a depending
of residuals of teams and things like
this so we will see very good so is
there anything that you would like to
say tuning the fans out there cheering
for you at all stars or otherwise well
thanks for whether voted for me and sent
me there and I hope that I'm gonna I'm
gonna play even better next year than
this one very good well thank you so
much for the interview everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel